# 2. Implement Convolutions

1. Read rows and columns (cols) as integer arguments from the command line.
1. Create an `unsigned char` matrix `M` of size `[rows x cols]` (if your language of choice doesn't support the unsigned char type, upgrade the type to the shortest integer type supported by that language).
1. Fill `M` with randomly selected non-negative integers.
1. Apply the filter `K=[-1, 0, 1]` along the rows axis, then the cols axis (i.e. convolve the matrix `M` with `K` along the vertical & horizontal axis respectively).
1. Store the vertical convolution result computed above in a new matrix `Dy` and the horizontal convolution result in `Dx`. You must explicitly compute and store the `Dy` & `Dx` matrices.
1. Print the total time taken by the machine in computing `Dx` and `Dy` matrices.
1. Compute the min and max values for both `Dx` & `Dy` matrices individually (and in separate functions from the above computation of `Dx` and `Dy`). Print the computed min & max values.

## Requirements:

1. For the definition of convolution, feel free to search the internet. [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convolution) is a good starting point resource
1. After applying the `[-1, 0, 1]` filter, `Dx` and `Dy` must contain the mathematically correct result (i.e. `unsigned char` requirement is only on input `M`).
1. When applying the `[-1, 0, 1]` filter, in order to achieve the maximum speed up, feel free to assume that **neither filter nor its size changes**.
1. The code MUST be optimized primarily for speed (fast execution), efficiency (in terms of memory), and simplicity.
1. If writing in `C/C++`, the code must be standard compliant with any of the following standard: ANSI C++03,C++11, C++14, C++17, or ANSI C99 or C11.
1. You are free to decide how you want to deal with border conditions. Just explicitly state your assumption in a comment in the solution.
1. Part of the thing we're trying to evaluate is how you do with an ambiguous problem that you may not have encountered before. Hence, please re-read the instructions, think about it, and solve problem to your best judgement if it's not clear in the first go... and use libraries if you think it's the best way to accomplish the challenge and meet the requirements.

## Submission Instructions: 

1. Submit your completed assignment via the link in this email.
1. Please include the code file only (no zip/tar of the code, no cache files and no commit files). Please attach files directly without packing them in a zip.
1. Please only send one source file unless it’s absolutely not possible to put the code in one file, for e.g. attaching Makefiles.
1. Please add your FirstName-LastName to the assignment filename.
1. Please write/include your assumptions as comments in the source code file only. No separate readme for this challenge.

````cpp
#include <vector>
#include <iostream>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <iomanip>

using namespace std;

#define KERNEL_LEN 3
#define PRINT_RESULT 1

int main() {

  int n_rows, n_cols;

  cout << "Number of Rows: ";
  cin >> n_rows;
  cout << "Number of Cols: ";
  cin >> n_cols;

#ifdef PRINT_RESULT
  
  cout << "Entered Dimensions: (" << n_rows;
  cout << " x " << n_cols << ")" << endl;

#endif

  uint8_t M[n_rows][n_cols];
  
  int Dx[n_rows][n_cols];
  int Dy[n_rows][n_cols];  
  
  int K[3] = {-1, 0, 1};


  for(int i = 0; i < n_rows; ++i)
    for(int j = 0; j < n_cols; ++j){
      M [i][j] = rand();
      Dx[i][j] = 0;
      Dy[i][j] = 0;

    }

#ifdef PRINT_RESULT

  cout << "M: " << endl;
  for (int i = 0; i < n_rows; ++i){
    for (int j = 0; j < n_cols; ++j){
      cout << setw(3) << unsigned(M[i][j]) << ' ';
    }
    cout << endl;
````
