# Embedded Software Engineer

## Deliverables

- Please send back a zip file with your code and any build instructions no later than **Monday, Feb 8th at 12 AM PST**. 
	- Your code will be evaluated based upon it's correctness and maintainability. 
	- Please note, we will verify your code by using gcc from a modern version of Ubuntu (14.04+). 
- Finally, please discuss how you would change the packet and message structures to make communication more robust. We appreciate your interest and time.


The intent isn’t to demonstrate an understanding of the algorithms, but to deliver a complete solution. There is intentional ambiguity in the problem, as we would like to see your problem solving skills and creativity. All of the information needed to solve this is problem is provided in this email.

If you are unable to complete the challenge within the time frame, please let us know and we will do our best to accommodate. 

## Code Sample

Please provide a code example written in C that dispatches messages based upon their type. 

There are two message types:

- `display` - Display messages must be passed to the function called display_message()
- `motor` - Motor messages must be passed to a function called update_motor(). 

These two message types are mixed into the same packet format and the function that needs to be written needs to distinguish between these two messages and call the appropriate function. 

Please write function declarations for these functions but empty function bodies are fine.

## Data Types

The packet format uses **little-endian data** (you can assume both sending and receiver are little-endian) and has the following fields of the specified fields:

- `packet_id` (byte, position 0)
- `message_type` (byte, position 1)
- `message_length` (2 bytes, positions 2 to 3)
- `message_data` (positions 4 to 4+message_length)

### `message_type` values

- 0x34: display message
- 0x80: motor message

### `message_data` values

`message_data` for display messages is a ASCII string of length message_length

`message_data` for motor messages is composed of the following data structure:

- `forward_back` (float32, positions 0 to 3)
- `left_right` (float32, positions 4 to 7)


## Example packets 

````cpp
uint8_t display_packet[] = {0x1, 0x34, 0x05, 0x0, 0x48, 0x65, 0x6c, 0x6c, 0x6f};

uint8_t motor_packet[] = {0x2, 0x80, 0x08, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 0x80, 0x3f, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 0xbf};
````
